sdiff: add page (#3304)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/sdiff.md

# sdiff

> > Compare the differences and/or merge between two files.

Reviewer: Ah, looks like I missed the description What about this?
```suggestion
> Compare the differences between and optionally merge 2 files.
```

Author: Agree, I'll commit this suggestion.

> - Compare between two files:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Compare 2 files:
```

> `sdiff {{path/to/first_file}} {{path/to/second_file}}`

Reviewer 2: Let's change first_file to file1 and second_file to file2 everywhere to make things short and simple.

Author: I'm using file1 and file 2 at first and then think first_file and second_file might be better. What do you think? @sbrl

Author: I'll change as your suggest since I also use file1 and file2 in another PR.

> - Compare between two files, ignore all tabs and white space:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Compare 2 files, ignoring all tabs and whitespace:
```

`sdiff -W {{path/to/first_file}} {{path/to/second_file}}`

> - Compare between two files, ignore white space at the end of the line:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Compare 2 files, ignoring whitespace at the end of lines:
```

`sdiff -Z {{path/to/first_file}} {{path/to/second_file}}`

> - Case insensitively compare 2 files:

Reviewer 2: Compare in a case-insensitive manner:

Author: I just change this as @sbrl suggest. Personally I like 'Compare 2 files in a case-insensitive manner'.

What do you think ?

Reviewer 2: Oh I see. "Case insensitively compare" sounded a bit odd to me.

Actually "case insensitively" is just used twice in the repo. Rest are all "case insensitive <verb>". Not a big deal either way.

Author: I agree. I'll use 'Compare 2 files in a case-insensitive manner' then :D

> - Compare between two files, case insensitive:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Case insensitively compare 2 files:
```

`sdiff -i {{path/to/first_file}} {{path/to/second_file}}`

> - Compare 2 files and then merge, creating a new file:

Reviewer 2: Compare and then merge the output to a new file

Author: I also just change this by the suggestion from @sbrl . I personally like the one that he suggest more.

Reviewer 2: @sbrl suggested to avoid the repeating "and", "then". My suggestion is slightly different.

Author: Quite not sure, for me both is ok. Let ask for third opinion.

@sbrl what do you think?

Reviewer: Ah, I see. I'm not quite sure about the `merge the output to` bit specifically there. What about this?
```suggestion
- Compare and then merge, writing the output to a new file:
```

Author: I like this one, do you agree with this? @agnivade

Reviewer 2: I see your point. It doesn't really merge the output, rather it merges the output of the comparisons of the 2 files. However, I really wanted to avoid the comma in the sentence, which kinda stymies the flow. But I don't see a better way. Let's go with your one.

> - Compare between two files then merge and create new file:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Compare 2 files and then merge, creating a new file:
```

> `sdiff -o {{path/to/new_merge_file}} {{path/to/first_file}} {{path/to/second_file}}`

Reviewer 2: path/to/merged_file

Author: I also quite not sure on this, 'new' will communicate clearly to the reader that this is a new file that create after merging.

What do you think? @agnivade

Reviewer 2: It must always be a new file which gets created right. By definition, if you "create" something, that is new. So I don't think there is any ambiguity here.

Author: Agree, I'll change it.
